Finally found you
Hey
Um get out of the way get out of the way
If you don't want to die, get out of the way
general
It's the horse who insulted the daughter of the prime minister
General Jianmin, are you deliberately finding fault?
I just see your nostrils facing up
It's funny.
The general has only a few days to jump around
You are still showing off your power here
If it were me, I would be a man with my tail between my legs
You go too far.
Take it for me, and the benefits will be angry later.
Hey, bold, I'm the celebrity of the Duke's Mansion
Ma Liang Vision, the Savior of the Heaven-sent Ceremony
Who dares to touch me?
Good boy, you are Ma Liang, right?
I'm worried that I can't find anyone
I didn't expect you to deliver it to your door by yourself
Oops, the General's Mansion is lawless
Get someone to report the letter to the palace
There must be a reward
You talk a lot.
I see who can take you back to the house today